hello today I will show you how to make
vegan Vietnamese sandwich carbon meal
all you need cucumber
cilantro chives see some nice easy meal
pass soy sauce vegetable seasoning and
Joshu seasoning mix some hot pepper
bread and carrot and daikon pickle in
vinegar and sugar this is vegan meat it
dry I soaked it overnight is soft so
here you see ya
miss vegan meat you can buy it from
Asian market season in the vegan meat as
some vegetable seasoning and so much our
shoes is Linney's
Marielle in 15 minutes
let's go fry the meat now the oil
letting her defy both side until brown
now let me sandwich cut the same with on
this side then open it drop my sesame
paste inside a sandwich
now as cucumber
then me
some bit co-chair and Dyken
some Jay
some cute paper
soy sauce then cilantro
now you're done now you know how to make
vegan Vietnamese sandwich it's very easy
and delicious enjoy it see you soon